DISCLAIMER: This is not the most up to date code and is not the exact code that the live version is deployed on. Unfortunately due to the bootcamp ending, the github repository became private and i no longer have access to link it, however this is being resolved and should soon be public. This version is the closest i had saved on my own pc and is 8 commits away form the original, however it has majority of the main functions (most changes were css changes).

This project was created in a group which we had 4 weeks to complete for a client, however we created the platform for our bootcamp, _nology, which then would polish and deliver it to the client. The whole process was treated as an actual project in which we practiced an AGILE method using the SCRUM framework. rather than a waterfall development process, we divided the project into "mini porjects" and started with a backlog which was then allocated to the group in pairs as sprints. Each sprint had its objectives which once completed, was pushed and merged into the main branch after being reviewed by another group. 

The platform is designed to organise and track several courses that the client runs, keeping the timetables and relevant information all neatly arranged. Everything can be edited, added or deleted in real time as it is connected to a live firebase database. 

My Role:
My personal tickets for this project were with the Course List and Course items where the courses on the landing page after logging in are viewed. These are always chronnologically organised and comparted with the past present and future courses which was achieved from our filtered course function. in addition, i also helped bug fix many other tickets such as the EditLessonView, NewCurriculum and the ModuleList components whilst also contributing to the CSS for almost every component. 

This project taught me the most from any other, from my coding itself to working in a group and in a team. in addition, my own coding practices developed as i realised i needed to make my code readable for people to review and understand my code. 
